Document Session Replay comments feature (#36207)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/session_replay/_index.md

AI summaries and smart chapters are generated for sessions with at least four user actions and a duration of at least 45 seconds.

## Comments

> Session Replay comments allow your team to collaborate on bugs, user friction, and issues directly within a replay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay comments allow your team to collaborate on bugs, usability issues, and other observations directly within a replay.
```

With comments, you can:

- Add a comment at a specific timestamp on the replay timeline. Comment markers appear on the timeline and the **Comments** tab.
- @mention a teammate or team in a comment. Tagged users receive an email notification with a link that opens the replay at the commented timestamp.
- Copy a link to any comment and share it externally. The link opens the replay at the annotated moment with that comment thread open.

> - Reply in-thread to collaborate within a replay, and edit or delete your own comments as investigations evolve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reply in-thread to collaborate within a replay, and edit or delete your own comments as needed.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/session-replay-comments.png" alt="Session Replay player with timestamped comments on the timeline and a Comments tab open with threaded replies" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/session-replay-comments.png" alt="Session Replay player with timestamped comments on the timeline and a Comments tab open with threaded replies." style="width:100%;" >}}
```
